{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red85\green142\blue40;\red253\green154\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red133\green0\blue175;\red102\green177\blue50;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c33333\c55686\c15686;\csgenericrgb\c99216\c60392\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c52157\c0\c68627;\csgenericrgb\c40000\c69412\c19608;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11440\viewh14160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b GAME:
\b0  Which European city would you visit?\
\

\b Cities
\b0 \
\
London \
Paris\
Berlin\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Rome\
Amsterdam\
Barcelona\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Stockholm\
\
\

\b GAME STARTS
\b0 \
\
Hi 
\b name
\b0 , I\'92ve heard flights to Europe are super cheap right now for certain major cities. Choose one of the following cities to visit while fares are low: London, Paris, Berlin, Rome, Amsterdam, Madrid, Stockholm.\
\
\cf2 London\cf0 \
\
Aren\'92t afraid of Brexit angst eh? I admire that! Would you prefer to see the Tate or Big Ben as part of a travel package?\
\
	\cf3 Tate\cf0 \
	I knew you were a cultured individual! Do you want to see Picasso or Warhol more?\
\
		\cf3 Picasso\cf0 \
		Good choice! The Tate has a ton of Picasso\'92s finest work. Enjoy yourself!\
		\cf3 Warhol\cf0 \
		I\'92m surprised! His work is polarizing but he certainly has his place in the 20th century art 		scene. Make sure you are rested, the Tate is a huge place!\
		\
	\cf4 Big Ben\
	\cf5 Time is on your side! Is it the history or the architecture that interests you?\
\
		\cf4 History\cf5 \
		Riddle me this then\'85what is the current name of Big Ben according to locals? Elizabeth 		Tower or Clock Tower?\
	\
			\cf6 Elizabeth\cf5 \
			Correct! The tower was renamed Elizabeth Tower in 2012 to celebrate the 			Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II. Show off your impressive knowledge to 			your mates when you get there!\
\
			\cf6 Clock\cf5 \
			Almost! The tower was called by that name until 2012 until it was renamed to 			Elizabeth Tower to celebrate the Diamond Jubilee of Elizabeth II. Don\'92t feel bad, 			we Americans aren\'92t the best with foreign facts.\
\
		\cf4 Architecture\cf5 \
		How tall in feet would you guess the tower is? \
		\
			
\b 0 - 100
\b0 \
			If it were only that tall it wouldn\'92t be big now would it? I suggest you take a look at 			the Wikipedia to ensure you don\'92t look like a fool to the locals when you arrive.\
			\
			
\b 100 - 300
\b0 \
			You\'92re warm but Ben is bigger than you thought! At 315 feet it\'92s a solid 30 feet taller 			than the iconic Flatiron Building in New York City that wasn\'92t built until over 40 years 			later. \
			\
			
\b 300 - 350
\b0 \
			Very good guess! At 315 feet Big Ben towered over most of the structures in the world 			when it was contructed in 1855.\
\
			
\b 350 -
\b0 \
			Ben isn\'92t quite so formidable but he\'92s got plenty to offer a sightseer. At 315 feet tall he 			still impresses visitors after over 150 years standing tall over London.\
\
\cf2 Paris\cf5 \
\
A popular destination! Will you visit the Eiffel Tower or the Champs Elysees on day one?\
\
	\cf3 Eiffel Tower\cf5 \
	Are you afraid of heights? If you are not sure that is ok too.\
	\
		
\b Yes
\b0 \
		I would steer clear of the Eiffel Tower then. It is much more imposing in person than you think! 		How about the Louvre instead?\
\
			
\b Yes
\b0 \
			Good call. About the highest you\'92ll get is when you enter the entrance of the courtyard. 			You know, the famous glass pyramid designed by I.M. Pei!\
\
			
\b No
\b0 \
			Well, I\'92m at a loss but you will surely find something to love on your trip. Safe travels!\
	\
		
\b No
\b0 \
		You should have an amazing time in that case. The views from the top are incredible!\
\
		
\b Not Sure
\b0 \
		I\'92d suggest visiting the site to gauge things. The design inspiration was the trunk 		and root system of a tree and is a sight to see all by itself!\
\
	\cf4 Champs Elysees\cf5 \
	Do you know what Champs Elysees means in French?\
\
		
\b Yes
\b0 \
		Ah, then you are familiar with its reference to the Elysian Fields of Greek mythology. Say no 		more, enjoy yourself!	\
\
		
\b No
\b0 \
		No worries! It refers to the Elysian Fields of Greek mythology where dead heroes passed on 		to paradise. The Champs has many cafes, shops and theatres to peruse and happens to be 		the finishing point of the Tour De France each July.\
\
\cf2 Berlin\cf5 \
\
Berlin is one of the most diverse cities in Europe! Would you guess the largest immigrant populace by country in Berlin to be Poland or Turkey?\
\
		\cf3 Poland\cf5 \
		Almost! As of 2012, Poland constituted the second largest immigrant population in Berlin after 		Turkey.  It\'92s up to you however, whether the humble pierogi is superior to the decadent 		baklava or not. What do you say?\
		\
			\cf6 pierogi\cf5 \
			Mmmmmm\'85.oh sorry I was daydreaming! What were we talking about?\
\
			\cf6 baklava\cf5 \
			I respect that choice but you\'92ll have to dine on your own. I can feel the cavities forming!\
		\
\
		\cf4 Turkey\cf5 \
		Correct! Based on a 2012 census Turkey had over twice the immigrant population of runner 		up Poland with about 100,000 residents. Make sure you grab some delicious food from one of 		the many Turkish restaurants littering the city.\
\
\cf2 Rome\cf5 \
\
An easy decision! Rome has a lot to offer including history, religion and food. Which is your preference?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf5 		\cf3 history\cf5 \
		Are you looking to check out the coliseum or the forum?\
\
			\cf6 coliseum\cf5 \
			After all these years it still impresses. While you\'92re down there you can also check out 			the ruins since you\'92ll be so close! \
\
			\cf6 forum\cf5  \
			Awesome! It\'92s a special experience to see firsthand such a pivotal piece of western 			civilization in its infancy. \
\
		\cf4 religion\cf5 \
		I\'92m guessing you are looking to see the Vatican then. Correct?\
\
			
\b Yes
\b0 \
			We could chat for hours about the Vatican but don\'92t let me keep you! You\'92ve got some 			research to do on all the cool stuff you\'92ll see.\
\
			
\b No
\b0 \
			Unusual choice, but to each their own. If you\'92re looking to visit other cathedrals in the 			city you won\'92t be disappointed. Bon voyage!\
\
\cf2 Amsterdam\cf5 \
\
Amsterdam is known for its seedier offerings but also has a lot of interesting cultural attractions. Are you looking to relax or edify yourself?\
\
	\cf7 relax\cf5 \
	I hear that! For relaxation I would recommend either stopping in at a coffee shop or strolling around 	the cities many canals. Which\'92ll it be?\
\
		\cf3 coffee shop\cf5 \
		Hey, no judgment! As long as you are responsible you can enjoy yourself at one of the many 		coffee shops around town. Just be sure you don\'92t fulfill the obnoxious American stereotype 		while relaxing. Are you interested in checking out the Red Light District too?\
\
			
\b Yes
\b0 \
			Oh my! I wasn\'92t expecting that. Since I, of course, have never been I\'92m afraid this is 			where my advice ends. \
\
			
\b No
\b0 \
			Not everyone is built to walk on the wild side. Don\'92t forget to visit one of the many 			museums in Amsterdam in between your coffee shop sessions.\
\
		\cf3 canals\cf5 \
		If you can\'92t make it to Venice on this trip then the canals of Amsterdam are a solid substitute. 		Note how well the Dutch have hydro-engineered the city for decades as you traverse this 		highly walkable city. \
\
	\cf4 edify\cf5 \
	In that case I would advise seeing the Van Gogh museum. It has the largest collection of his work of 	any museum in the world! Can you guess which body part Van Gogh cut off in a depressed episode? \
\
		\cf4 ear\cf5 \
		Yup! You know your stuff. You should definitely check the museum out since you are obviously 		a big fan.\
\
		\cf4 else\cf5 \
		Sorry Charlie! Van Gogh actually cut his ear off in August 1889 and wasn\'92t treated in time to 		have it reattached. Good thing he was still able to share his painting talent for another year 		before his death in July of 1890.\
\
\cf2 Barcelona\cf5 \
\
A less common but worthy option! My favorite site is the Sagrada Familia basilica designed by Antoni Gaudi. Have you heard of Gaudi?\
\
	
\b Yes
\b0 \
	Did you know Gaudi was never able to finish the building before he passed in 1926?\
\
		
\b Yes
\b0 \
		It\'92s a sad tale indeed. In fact, Gaudi\'92s original plans were lost in the Spanish Civil War in 1936 		so efforts to finish the structure have been  an homage to him rather than a literal application 		of his original design.\
\
		
\b No
\b0 \
		It\'92s true! Unfortunately, anarchists destroyed his architectural plans during the Spanish Civil 		War in 1936 so efforts to complete the structure since then have been in the spirit of his 		original design rather than an exact representation of his vision.\
	\
	
\b No
\b0 \
	Well in that case get thee to Google! He is one of the most mind-bending architects of the 20th 	century. Besides the basilica he also designed private homes and even a park.\
\
\cf2 Stockholm\cf5 \
\
	\
\
\
\
\
		\cf0 \
		\
}